Airplane Management System
─
Project: Requirement analysis and Feature Description



Overview
	In this project, we shall build up a Domestic Airline Management System website from scratch. This type of website provides information regarding certain airlines and their flight schedules. We will feature Reservations, Flight Schedules, Airport Information, User Login systems, and an Admin system to run the whole system and manage it. There will be options regarding the departure, and arrival at which airports either it will be a one-way tour or a round trip the timings and we will represent the whole thing to the public. They can check the schedules and book flights according to their preferences. We will take user information for an easy booking system.


Technology Stack:
FRONTEND:
HTML
CSS
BOOTSTRAP
BACKEND:
Python
Django
MYSQL
API’s(If needed)

GitHub Repository:
https://github.com/tanzim10/CSE_311_Project-Airplane-Management-System
	


Features:
Home:
	SignUp:
		Registering as Customer They need to provide their information for the account and accessing the whole system.
	The dashboard will be present here to take the inputs of the flights preference such as arrival, departure etc.
		


Displays the Summary of the Lists:
	The flight schedules will be posted here the admin will be able to make changes add, edit and other possible entries.

Manage Airlines And Airport:
 	This management will be done by the admin user. The admins will update necessary information and changes of the airlines such as:


Add New Airline
  Add New Airport
List All Airlines
  List All Airports
View Airline Details
  Edit Airport 
Edit Airline Details
 Delete Airport
Delete Airline




Manage Flights:
 	One of the main objectives of this website is to maintain the flights and its details from time to time this will be updated accordingly ensuring proper database structure and relation among the tables. The features will be
Add New Flight
List All Flights
View Flight Details
     Edit Flight Details
      Delete Flight


Manage Reservation:
	From the user preferences we will get the Reservations which will be updated and maintained with the features below:

List All Reservations
View Reservation Details
           Update Reservation Status
Delete Reservation






User Profile
Passenger Profiles provides a powerful tool for customers to interact with your airline by creating profiles. They can store all of their contact details online so that when they return to make bookings the system recognizes them and automatically fills in the booking forms.In the user profile section, users can view information about them and if they want to change any of their information they can update that.

            View User Information
            Update User Information
            Update User Password


Log Out
Logging out informs the website that the current user wishes to end the login session. Logging out ensures that user access and user credentials are safe after the login session
Public  
In the public window, user can search flights, view available flights, and reserve flights

              Search Flight Form
              Flight's Search Result Page
              Reservation Form
              Submit Reservation

Gantt Chart:

